Minor improvements in the tutorial cli pages (#3413)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Beginner-CLI-Tools/Introducing-Turtlesim/Introducing-Turtlesim.rst

      As long as the archive you installed ROS 2 from contains the ``ros_tutorials`` repository, you should already have turtlesim installed.

> Check that the package is found:

Reviewer: I prefer the previous wording of `installed`:

```suggestion
Check that the package is installed:
```

Author: In my opinion, it misdirects attention. That's not what the command below checks. Having the package installed doesn't guarantee it will show up here.

5.1 Try the spawn service
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Let's use rqt to call the ``/spawn`` service.
You can guess from its name that ``/spawn`` will create another turtle in the turtlesim window.

> Give the new turtle a unique name, like **turtle2**, by double-clicking between the empty single quotes in the **Expression** column.

Reviewer: Any particular reason for this change?  I think I prefer it as a mono-spaced string.

(there are several more instances of this below)

Author: The turtle names started with backticks, and later, they had no formatting. To avoid overuse of it, I thought I would reserve backticks for the ROS resource names and use bold font for the turtle names instead.

Next steps
----------

Now that you have turtlesim and rqt up and running, and an idea of how they work, let's dive into the first core ROS 2 concept with the next tutorial, :doc:`../Understanding-ROS2-Nodes/Understanding-ROS2-Nodes`.

Related content
---------------

> The turtlesim package can be found in the `ros_tutorials <https://github.com/ros/ros_tutorials/tree/humble/turtlesim>`_ repo.
> Make sure to switch branches and select the one that corresponds to your installed ROS 2 distro in order to view the right version of turtlesim.

Reviewer: Oof.  We shouldn't do things like this.

```suggestion
The turtlesim package can be found in the `ros_tutorials <https://github.com/ros/ros_tutorials/tree/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/turtlesim>`_ repo.
```

> Make sure to switch branches and select the one that corresponds to your installed ROS 2 distro in order to view the right version of turtlesim.

Reviewer: We don't need this sentence anymore.

Author: also outdated...

Reviewer: Oh, hm.  Sorry about that, my browser must not have refreshed and showed the latest version of your changes.
